For the first time NIIT is launching futuristic cutting-edge Digital Transformation Programs aligned with Industry 4.0 like Power Business Intelligence (BI), Python, Internet of Thing (IoT), Block Chain, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning with R, DIGINXT-MMS Software Engineering: Full Stack Developer (Python, REST, Angular JS, REACT), Data Analytics (Machine Learning using R & Python, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence), Digital Marketing (SEO, SEM, Mobile & Email Marketing, ORM), Big Data, Java Enterprise Apps with Dev Ops, in Nigeria




NIIT has been recognized as ‘India’s Most Trusted Brand – IT Training’ 2018 by Trust Research Advisory (TRA).
StackRoute, a digital transformation partner for corporates to build multi-skilled full stack developers @ scale, has won the ‘Most Innovative Learning Partner for Enterprises’ award at Times Ascent - National Award for Excellence in Training & Development 2018.
NIIT received ‘Franchisor of the year’ 2017 – Vocational & Skill Development Training Institute. by The Franchise India.
NIIT MLSL has bagged 3 prestigious awards at the ‘3rd South Asia Education Summit 2017’: ‘Interactive Solution Provider’ award for NIIT Nguru - IT Wizard & MathPlus; ‘Testing and Assessment Tool Provider’ award for state-of-the-art NIIT Nguru - Practice Plus and ‘Teacher Training (K-12)’ award for ‘The CTET Advantage Program’.
NIIT’s Training.com won ‘eEducation Services of the Year – Online educational services award 2017’ by Franchise India.
NIIT USA has been ranked among the Top 20 Training Outsourcing Companies 2017 by TrainingIndustry.com for the 10th consecutive year.
NIIT USA has been ranked among the Top 20 IT Training Companies 2017 by TrainingIndustry.com for the 8th consecutive year.
NIIT UK has been awarded the status of ‘Accredited Learning Provider’ 2017 by Learning and Performance Institute (LPI), UK for the Second Consecutive Year.
NIIT USA has been ranked among the Top 20 Companies in Content Development 2017 by TrainingIndustry.com for the 7th consecutive year.
NIIT USA has been ranked among the Top 20 Companies in Gamification 2017 by TrainingIndustry.com for the 4th consecutive year.
NIIT USA earned 20 Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards 2017 jointly with Customers
NIIT USA was named as the Innovation Award winner 2017 at the Future Learning 2020 Summit.
StackRoute has been recognized as the ‘Most Innovative Learning Partner for Enterprises’ by ASSOCHAM India (Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India.) at the EduMeet 2018 & Excellence Award.
NIIT Continues to pioneer in providing latest technology digital transformation training program like Power Business Intelligence (BI), Python, Internet of Thing (IoT), Block Chain, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning with R, Data Analytics, diginxt-MMS, BIG DATA, Java with DevOps, Digital Marketing.
Highly experienced and certified Instructor.
Project based learning methodology.
Learning resources like Physical Courseware for each students, Videos, reference sites, online assessments etc.
Globally recognized certification.
Global leader in IT training & Africa’s largest IT Training Provider.


OUR COMPUTER EDUCATION
AT PAR WITH THE GROWING I.T. INDUSTRY

Aptech is a global learning solutions company that commenced its education and training business in 1986. Aptech has presence in more than 40 countries through two main businesses – Individual training and Enterprise Business. It has over a thousand centers of learning worldwide.

Aptech offers individual training courses in I.T., hardware and networking, multimedia, animation, aviation, hospitality, banking, finance, beauty & make-up training and English learning. The enterprise business includes Training & Assessment Solutions for Corporates & Institutes.


INTRODUCTION
============
ACCP (Aptech Certified Computer Professional) is a complete career-oriented program to prepare students for today’s I.T. Industry
The course gives a strong foundation to students on various concepts related to software development and global technology insights
Recognizing the wide range of technologies, students have a choice to choose their specialization with OST from .NET, Java, Oracle, or Networking.
Laddered Learning: For better and easy understanding for students.
Personality Development: Course also helps students to develop interpersonal, communication, team building, and leadership skills
The students get hands-on training as they create projects based on the course they learn on.


Global Market

Global Tech Market grew by 4% in 2018,reaching $3 trillion
The global app economy to be worth $6.3 trillion by 2021
Worldwide consumer spending on mobile apps grew by roughly 30% by end of 2018 to over USD 110 billion.
By 2020 employment in all computer occupations is expected to increase by 22% according to the US Bureau of Labour Statistics
The global I.T. Services industry holds significant opportunities for industry players due to increasing I.T. spending in the healthcare, retail, and transportation sectors, among others
The market is forecast to reach an estimated US $1,147 billion in 2017 with a CAGR of more than 5% by 2017